hello together here is again markus
of Coptic machines today would like
I introduce you to the de'longhi esam
5500 rondo cappuccino one
coffee machines short the technical
data that greta 1350 watt power 15
score pressure and 17 liters in front
Water tank the size of the device
is 44 x 28 x 38 cm and the weight
is eleven kilograms in the upper range
is a container for coffee beans
next to it a container for normal
coffee powder also this feature is
happy and then here on the left
side a plate to warm the
buttons in the front we have the
I'm getting closer to that
will go in if we get that
have turned on
down here is a flap in the device
is the collection container for
The coffee guests then whisper here
cone times work easily with one
take a hand and here is the under
collection container for rest liquid
I stop the machine now and
then we go to the button just like that
I have the machine now
it takes some time to turn it on
seconds since she has to warm up and
also the lines with a warm
water jet once through leaves on
and bough is up here on the left
including a program button for
different functions like for example
the descale program
and then we have this once
game program for the line up here
the removal for a cup of coffee
including two coffee cups and here
located below
The hot water buttons function over it
Then, for example, for tea water
are taken here underneath the
automatic cappuccino button the
pre-programmed cappuccino brings in
the middle of this ring ultimately in the
Press center
this allows the aroma to be adjusted
of very strong aroma over the
buffering very mild aroma and
then slight gradations
when i turn this button i have
different keys strengthen quantities
here a programmable amount then
I have a medium espresso here
Taste up to a very big cup yes
as you would say we just let
run an espresso and look
We turn the cream on for me
Now on espresso, start the one
Machine is probably listening now
louder than she really is
I am very satisfied with that
the test magazine has this machine in the
year 2003 2010, each with a good rating
I myself have this machine for three
years in use and I am very happy with it
satisfied
I hope you can see that for a while
a nice chandler where also the sugar
a bit stuck that is yes
actually always important for espresso
yes as I said I have this machine
for three years in use
there were never any defects de'longhi gives up
This machine is warranty for three years
you register them and I can
just say price
top performance what else
did not mention this milk can
Of course, these are different for now
the different coffee variations
connect here and through this nozzle the
I'm going to milk in one
another video on it again
Thank you very much
markus of top kitchen machines